Clarify ability to import other files in app.config.js (#12647)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/configuration.md

For more customization you can use the JavaScript and TypeScript `app.config.js`, or `app.config.ts`. These configs have the following properties:

- Comments, variables, and single quotes!

> - Importing/requiring other js/json files (other files are not transpiled, and can only use syntax valid in your current node version). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Importing/requiring other JavaScript files. Using import/export syntax in external files is not supported. All imported files must be transpiled to support your current version of Node.js. 
```
